# Management Infomation System For Homeowners' Association of PHirst Park Homes - Tanza

In this modern era, technology is currently in demand and constantly innovating. One of it’s technological innovation are Information Systems, that is popular in most of the organization and businesses in the world because of it’s effectiveness in managing. On the other hand, Homeowners Association (HOA) have a rising complexity of managing their documents, monthly due, and communication with the residents. These organizations are still using the traditional way of collecting data such as papers and spreadsheets, which can cause problems like losing important information, data redundancy, and incorrect data. In response to this demand, the development of the Homeowners Association Information System (HAIS) has been a major project for Phirst Park Homes- Tanza, Cavite that also experienced this kind of issues. The aim of this project is to develop a Web-based Information System that promotes overall efficiency in managing, ensure transparency, and accountability within the Homeowners Association. The implementation of this System will minimize the work of Homeowners Association and also help the residents to easily raise their concerns, and pay monthly due on time without hassle.

# Project Context

This study will be conducted to address the challenges faced by the Homeowners Association of Phirst Park Homes-Tanza, Cavite. Since, they are lacking in technological innovation, for a reason that the current program they use is Microsoft Excel which shows unorganized and unsecured data. The communication between the Homeowners Association and residents is often hindered due to the lack of a centralized platform. Important announcements, event schedules, and updates are disseminated through various social medias, creating confusion and miscommunication. The payment of monthly dues and other fees also lacks a systematic approach, causing inconvenience to homeowners and inefficiency in financial management. The researchers aimed to build a Web-based Information System For Homeowners Association of Phirst Park Homes-Tanza  to improve transparency within the association, minimize miscommunication, and address issues with data entry. The system will provide a login portal for residents to access various features and information. Residents will be able to monitor their monthly dues through the portal, providing transparency and allowing them to keep track of their financial obligations. They can upload screenshots of their "GCash" payments for monthly dues, offering a convenient way to submit payments. Additionally, the system will display the Homeowners Association expenses and total monthly expenses, enabling residents to understand where their dues are allocated. A complaint board will be included in the system for residents to submit concerns, facilitating communication with the Homeowners Association for prompt issue resolution. Moreover, residents can use the system to reserve the clubhouse, swimming pool, and other amenities, ensuring convenience and fair access to these facilities. The implementation of this technology aims to significantly improve the homeowners association's operating efficiency, enhance the homeowners' living experience, and build a more connected community.
